Added OTP to the magic links guide (#4235)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/lifecycle/authenticate-users/passwordless/index.mdx

These methods have user interface benefits and can help decrease friction for users looking to log in. No more passwords to remember, or, worse, to forget.

## Magic Links and One Time Passwords

> Instead of asking your users to remember a password, with a magic link or one-time password (OTP), send an email, text message, or other kind of message to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of asking your users to remember a password, you can use magic links or one-time passwords (OTP). This authentication method sends an email or message to the user that allows them to log in without entering a password.
```
This sentence is a bit of a whopper, maybe we can break it up into two separate thoughts?

> Possession of the message proves their identity and authenticates the user. This method uses either a clickable link (aka a magic link) or a delivered one-time password (OTP), like `000000`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Possession of the message proves the user's identity and authenticates them. This method uses either a clickable link (aka a magic link) or a delivered one-time password (OTP), like `000000`.
```
Better to not put the pronoun before the noun.

This method works well when you: 

> * have a way to message your users, such as an email address, phone number or Facebook account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* have a way to message your users, such as an email address, phone number, or Facebook account
```
always use oxford commas for clarity
